hey what's going on guys this is Bondi
and welcome to a video we're going to be
talking about the multiplayer features
for advanced warfare advanced warfare is
of course the new call of duty now the
first thing i want to touch on is this
basically like a camouflage suit you
know we saw a plane had that we also saw
a human that had it or some sort of
soldier that had it and this is one of
the things i think is going to be a moot
you pair now it doesn't even seem that
I'm realistic in the new ecology because
of course it is 2054 and because it's
not a full invincibility invisibility
soo it is only a camouflage soup I can
actually kind of see it happening just
simply because there's basically an
outline you know you're not completely
invisible you are kind of you know low
well basically you can see through
yourself because you basically blending
into the surroundings bit you know for
any player it you know it does look a
bit off you know you can kind of see
that looks bit off and of course the
next thing that I wanted to talk about
is this crazy punch that one of the
soldiers does now this is what I think
is possibly very very possibly going to
be the replacement of the knife now I
say it's going to be the replacement of
the knife because all these soldiers
have got this crazy I'm Ronnie no looks
like they're sent from from other know
like like medieval times you know when
they had like the plates you arm run and
you can really you can release tub
through it very easily and i think you
know just having a standard knife isn't
going to do that if you have some kind
of like electro-pulse in your arm that
you can backhand people with then I can
kind of see that I can kind of see that
happening you know I don't really know
about you guys but I think the knife is
going to be gone and I personally think
that this kind of your backhand it is
definite going to be in replace of that
so the next thing is this kind of
tactical grenade it's kind of like a
motion sensor that we saw in modern
warfare 3 we could throw it and you can
actually see people on the mini-map
whereas in this we can kind of see them
you know actually actually around the
map through walls and things like that
so it's kind of like a motion sensor
type of thing which I think if it comes
into multiplayer it's going to have to
be kind of nerf maybe just possibly but
it is actually pretty difficult she
obviously to be able to see people
through the walls simply because there's
so much other things that are going on
around the map so that's one thing and
then of course there's this crazy crazy
the armor now this is probably gonna be
the juggernaut suit you know we seem to
see juggernaut in pretty much every
single game now and I think if there was
going to be a juggernaut soon this is
definitely what it would be because
obviously you could easily switch out
his weapon you know haven't bring out
our right shoulder and if anything like
that it maybe even a pistol I said that
is definitely what's going to be the
riot shield now there are also these
crazy looking things that look very very
similar to the vulture in call of duty
ghosts because of course in modern
warfare 3 we saw the recon drone in
black ops 2 we saw thee at the quad
Rochin of course in college if he goes
we got the Griffin and the vulture and
they look so so similar so I think we're
basically going to see these out or this
thing as a killstreak we can be able to
remotely access it and basically fly it
around the map you know with a with a
machine gun unifier some bullets drop a
few rockets maybe even throw a few an
EMP grenades or even those you know
those cool motion sensor grenades or
tacticals that we saw very very early at
well so shortly earlier on in the video
but there's also a very awesome looking
riot shield now this is this absolutely
crazy it looks almost like an
elasticated metal that you can place
down and basically pull to to use as
riot shield which is kind of lit looks
pretty awesome it's very easy to
obviously I walk around with it because
you can just place it into this very
small tube which is it looks pretty good
it really looks pretty good and I think
if this is of course in the multiplayer
it's only going to be able to stretch a
certain amount because obviously if it
stretches for like 10 yards and that's
pretty it's pretty overpowered you could
basically you know fill a whole room
full of it but that is pretty much it
for this for this video you and there
was one more thing out to do with a gun
it was actually a site and it looks kind
of like it an infrared a thermal or heat
signature kind of site and look so it
has some kind of red dot on it as well
which i think is obviously going to be
an attachment for for most of for most
of the weapons it looks like there's two
sides that basically merge into one so I
you know I don't know if one is the
standard red dot sight and then you can
also have you know another attachment
that basically pops up in front of it
that you can switch on and off kind of
like the Ripper which makes it into two
more like an acog site so you can you
can't you're basically zoomed in further
but you hopefully that that that is what
happens and hopefully all these features
that mentioned are in multiplayer of
course if there's any features that you
go
notice in the trailer that I haven't
said that definitely leave those in the
comments section it's always awesome to
see what you guys are thinking probably
those hoverbikes are noticed those you
know I was kind of on and off you know
maybe maybe we might be more player or
not maybe it will be a killstreak but
you know we'll have to see you know
we'll have to see but yeah definitely
tell me what you guys are thinking be
sure to go ahead and subscribe and also
leave a like written if you enjoy this
video and want to see more BFI give
watching and we will see you next time
goodbye